1
I received this tablet last week and after several hours of use I can say that it is really a big upgrade to my aging (but still fully functional Samsung Galaxy Tab S). The screen is really beautiful, very vivid and HDR videos in Youtube are like when I saw a full HD for the first time. I am kind of an artist son the S pen is for me like a blessing. The only cons compared to my old Tab S is the screen aspect ratio, but I am slowly getting accustomed to it and it does not bother me as in the beginning I made a throughout research to buy a new tablet, and after this was released I decided to go for it, yes it es expensive, but after using it I have no remorse and this beautiful this is staying with me.

2
This is a great tablet. It is head and shoulders above the iPad mini that it replaced. (Which, by the way is no longer being supported by Apple). The Tab S3 is brighter and faster than the mini and has far better photo resolution. The only possible downside is the Tab S3's greater size and weight, but this is not enough to downgrade the tablet. Also, I have not used a stylus since my HP IPAQ. I consider the stylus with the S3 as a novelty, and not really necessary to the operation of he unit. My handwriting is terrible, so using the stylus to take notes would be counterproductive, and I have not had the need to do any drawing. However, the few times I have used the stylus (for typing) it worked flawlessly.

3
This is my first tablet, and I absolutely love it. It's just capable of so many things. I wanted something that I could draw/paint on without buying a computer drawing tablet, and this works perfectly. The pen has great sensitivity and is very smooth and natural to use. The tablet is also great for movies, games, and has other features that I haven't even tried yet. I use this tablet every day, and will be for a long time. I recommend buying a case for it so that you don't lose the pen (and keep the actual tablet safe from damage).

4
This is an awesome tablet! I wasn't sure what to expect with a refurbished unit but this baby is perfect! I turned it on and once I set things up, an update downloaded and I installed it. Now to figure out which app works the best for pressure sensitive drawing. It was a toss up for me between this tablet and an iPad Pro with the Apple pencil. I decided to stick with Android. I like that the s-pen doesn't need any sort of battery. I also like the USB-C charge port and the ability quick charge like my Samsung S8 phone. Now I won't need to have multiple charging cables, well, except for my Kindle. (Too bad the tablet doesn't have wireless charging! Or does it? Although I don't recall reading that in the spec doc.) The weight of the device doesn't seem too noticeable, compared to previous 10-inch tablets I've owned. I had the 2014 Galaxy 10" tablet with the original s-pen and that was a brick compared to this. Then again, I'm recovering from a concussion so I can't really trust my memory. (Seriously, it's weird to not remember some things that I should just KNOW.. like aiming my pistol!)

5
This has and is a great tool for me. I bought it in conjunction to use with a new Samsung TV I purchased as well. It syncs well with the TV, Bluetooth earbuds, Alexa, and many more. My old one was much smaller. As I have gotten older I enjoy the ability to increase the fonts and images so I can read them easier. The stencil is worth its weight in gold. It works great for taking hand written notes. I have used many times since typing on it isn't as easy as writing. Another nice feature is the fingerprint security that makes it easy to access rather than the code. There are many more, like picking up a good WiFi signal, easy to hold (especially with the case I received at Christmas), not too heavy or light.
Oh, it did help that I got it during the Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals.
This was an excellent purchase and I would highly recommend it.

6
I've use this all day and every day for months since I've bought it and I have zero issues (unlike the cheap garbage tablets made from amazon). This is my 3rd tablet and it's the only one that like. It doesn't slow down, and there are no graphical hiccups. Silky smooth and very reliable.

7
I was looking for a tablet to replace my aged Galaxy Tab 10.1 I bought five years ago. I loved it. I used it a lot for annotating PDFs by hand. Alas, it was dying and no longer functioning the way I needed. I thought I might break out of Samsung, given that the S pen is no longer integrated into the tablet itself--which I loved in the old model. I thought if I have to carry it separately, I should look at other tabs. I tried ASUS Zen Pad. Loved it as a tab but it was unfortunately not compatible with any of the styluses I tried (I tried three kinds). None were as sensitive as the s-pen for hand-annotations. So I returned the Zen pad and decided to buy the Galaxy Tab S3. It works wonderfully well. I wish they still had the S Pen integrated, but I bought a case with a place for it. I also wish that the storage was more than 32GB--Come on, Samsung! Others can do it! So I love it. It works great. But I wish it had more storage space, given the price, and continued to have an integrated S-pen.

8
Blown away by the beautiful screen and design. Quick and responsive. Light and easy to hold. You'll never go back to a phone or cheap tablets after using this.
The only other time I was this amazed was when I bought the original ipad, and that thing was pretty amazing! Expensive but well worth $600

9
I truly am enjoying my new Tab S3. Nearly went the route of a Google tablet, but the added benefit of already having a Samsung account, a keyboard cover, and stylus pen, as well as the availability of accessories helped sway my decision.
Good: Great processing power. Large screen, 4 speakers in stereo, keyboard cover and stylus. Can dl from Google Playstore, Amazon App, or Samsung's. Plenty of choices. Priced about right. Push button home button that can also read a finger print.
Bad: keys on the keyboard don't always register your clicks. Might be a little spendy for those just wanting a tablet and no accessories. The case is THICK. The stylus pen holder sticky attaches to the case, making it not only thick but cumbersome, sticking out problematically.
I enjoy Samsung's take on the google os platform, so this fit my needs a bit more than some others. If you're going into looking for a google based tablet, know this is heavily influence by Samsung's architecture.

10
I'm stunned by this tablets efficiency, screen and battery life. It has a battery slightly less than twice the size of the one in my phone, but the operational life is astounding. I can sit and read or play a game for hours and it barely dents the battery. I imagine it could easily last 12 hours or more. The screen is beautiful, the processor is fast enough to keep up with demanding games. It's also surprisingly light weight, even with the glass back. I really thought it would be heavier. The sound is amazing from such small speakers. I'm also thrilled it didn't come with a lot of bloat ware, and what did come on it is easily disabled. All in all: I love it.

11
Love it !!! I had a Ipad 2 and apple kept pushing updates for it until it was a door stop. Even with a clean OS install and just a few apps it was like running a computer from 1990. I switched to Samsung phones a few years ago after getting tired of Apple pushing updates out and getting to the point where you had to buy a new phone to make it usable. I love that it runs everything great and I have a 126 gig SD card my phone and in my Tablet. The sd card and battery replacement was why I went with Samsung after i dropped apple. Still wish we could change the battery , but as long as i can use SD cards i'll stick with Samsung!.

12
Love, love, love this tablet! I had the S2 and pretty much wore the thing out as my personal e-reader, theater, camera, etc. I liked the S2, so I was expecting something decent with the S3. Wow! Honestly, I can't think of a better description than wow! The pictures are sharp and clear and the camera is just amazing. I'm not as sold on the pen (clicking on the side doesn't seem to do anything, but that could easily be operator error), but the pen had 0% to do with my choice for going for another Samsung tablet. You will not regret buying this tablet.

13
I love this tablet. It is fast, the screen is very good, and the added functionality with the s pen is a great bonus. I bought this tablet because it was supposed to be easy to write on and this is true. It does a nice job of sensing your palm and ignoring it when you write. I use this tablet mostly to read on and take notes with the s pen. I also use it for some informal presentations because I can draw on the screen and illustrate points as I speak. Overall, I am very happy with this tablet and would recommend it to you.

14
An absolutely great tablet. Moved over from a long line of iPads and very impressed with Samsung's latest tablet. The s-pen work very well and has a lot of utility. I had to move several tutorial videos to fully appreciate the capabilities of this simple pen. Likewise, the Tab S3 has so many great productivity features that they are hard to list. I feel liberated form Apple's stifling operating system. The Tab S3 has a bright, clear screen that responds fluidly to touch (unlike my 105" iPad Pro, which usually took a couple of swipes to get a response).
The iPad is still a great product of course, and it beats the Tab S3 n sound quality by quite a bit. Otherwise they are very comparable tablets, so it jus comes down to which operating system you like. After 10 years with iOS, I am at the point now where Android has caught up and surpassed iOS for the things I need. If you're not sure, then watch some online tutorials to get a feel for both products and operating systems.

15
First tablet that I've ever bought for myself. I've used other ones like the iPad, but have never really had the interest of buying one until recently when I didn't want to lug my laptop around everywhere I went. This one is simple to use, fast, very well built, has great color and detail with pictures and images. The screen is very responsive and the battery life is amazing. I've used it everyday and it lasted me about a week or so. I haven't really had time to mess around with the different features of the product to see it's true functioning capabilities, but I'm beyond happy with what I have messed around with. Would highly recommend this product!

16
Original item arrived with the screen slightly popped up off of one corner. I could feel the stickiness of the adhesive that holds the screen to the tablet pushing out from where the screen was not popped up. Amazon made good with a replacement product. The replacement is working just fine. I don't really notice any difference from the HDR, but most tablet content is not HDR at the moment. The stylus pen works well and feel pretty natural, like a real marker or pen. However, the button on the stylus pen is in a very bad place. I frequently push it inadvertently during use. The screen and back are both fingerprint magnets, but they wipe of easily.

17
This is a powerful tablet, great for work and games, very solid build quality, awesomely bright display, great battery life. Very happy with this. I hope Samsung continues providing Android updates and doesn't fall too far behind. It is a really nice device.

18
Love my tablet. Let me start by saying I only one Samsung products, from cellphones, to tablets, to laptops to televisions. So I am loyal! I initially purchased the Galaxy Tab S...when the S2 was released I was going to upgrade but was advised that the upgrades weren't significant and to wait for the S3. I am glad I did. This tablet is amazing. The pen feature is great if you need to catch a quick note (I wish it converted handwriting into text...if it does let me know). The battery charges quickly and it stays charged for a good length of time. I haven't had the time to really get into what it is capable of, so I will update as able.

19
This is my first tablet. I have a fairly large android phone so I didn't think I needed a tablet. But it's is nice because the screen is larger. I was going to take it with me on a trip but found the airlines wont let you take a Samsung tablet on the plane. I think Samsung needs to address this issue. This tablet doesn't heat up it has the same android version as my LG V20 so it is very familiar to me. I really like it.

20
This is an awesome tablet! I have been using extensively for a number of months now and it has not had a single glitch. No crashes, lock-ups or flaky behavior. None. It doesn't lose the WiFi connection ever. Android 7 is super stable. The OLED screen is extremely bright, when using it indoors I usually set the brightness to about 50%. Outdoors I can crank up the brightness and see it easily if not in direct sun. The processor is quite fast and it has plenty of memory. Battery life seems good too. With screen set at 50% brightness and constant use the tablet runs about 4 to 5 hours on a single charge. Absolutely no complaints!

21
This is a top-of-the-line tablet, with extraordinarily quick hardware and a terrific screen. The S-pen is nice but not something I will really use very much or at all. Very few apps can take advantage of it properly, and most of these are provided by Samsung. Of the current crop of 9" tablets currently in production, this is possibly the best overall hardware. I reluctantly gave up a pure Google experience with a failing Pixel C, a product product that is now out of production and will soon not be supported.
Only 4 stars because Samsung loads up their tablet with their own crapware, duplicating Google's calendar, contacts, email, browser, and other core apps. The pure Google experience is really good (and easy to update regularly). The custom skin/launcher/duplicate apps are just not necessary. Worse, the Samsung apps cannot be removed or disabled, and can interfere with the normal operation of the Google versions. In addition, Samsung does not provide monthly patches (more like every quarter), and the tablet is sill running Android 7 (Nougat) as of this writing. Android 8 (Oreo) is current. Such is life for non-Google hardware.

22
This tablet is everything I thought it would be before I purchased it. I decided to upgrade from a Galaxy Note 10.1 which I purchased 3 years ago. This is lighter, faster, clearer with a vivid screen. The android system allows me to format the screens any way I want and the software is quite responsive. Great tablet at a very competitive price.

23
Love everything about the S3 especially the superior quality build and super fast responsiveness! The included S pen is wonderful and I am thoroughly enjoying using it (as someone who always uses a stylus.) First time experiencing a rapid charger and that is a major bonus for me. WiFi also doesn't seem to disconnect/reconnect nearly as often on this tablet so that is another plus. Highly Highly Highly Recommend!!

24
I can't say enough good things about this tablet! It's fast, the display looks great, and the battery lasts several days of light use. The included stylus is very responsive, and best of all doesn't use batteries. The camera is the best I've seen on a tablet, and has a flash, which is a rarity for tablets. The Samsung notes app combined with the stylus is great for marking up photos and taking quick notes. I highly recommend this tablet if you're in the market.

25
I love this little thing! My Samsung Note 4 needs to be replaced, but it still works so I'm holding out. This tablet is the perfect solution. It's much better for reading and have been using it at work. Love the ability to write on my presentations and save the notes. So glad I purchased this instead of the Note 8. It's much more useful , cheaper and I can use my phone through it with the flow app too.

26
Decided to upgrade from the TAB A from 3 years ago. The screen clarity and resolution is pretty wild, quality is alot nicer with the glass back. If you are scared of dropping it, you can pick up a nice inexpensive Supcase. Overall, fast, good battery life, pen works awesome. I also bought the keyboard cover case by samsung and it actually is not as bad as some of the reviews. It works really well and is pretty easy to type on, considering the size of it. Definitally worth the purchase.

27
I love this tablet, and I got an excellent deal - $473 which included the pen. The memory is so awesome. I can download movies & books for traveling, as well as work documents I need, & still have space. I like where the buttons are located, similar to my phone. The size is great. Love, love, love. Oh, and almost important as the storage size is the fast charging!! I LOVE the fast charging, it is so convenient. Highly recommend.

28
Carrying around a 17.3-inch laptop just to chill in coffee shops and internet cafes is very tedious, but this tablet makes the perfect substitute. It's wonderfully slim, and I got the package with the keyboard/case. It's great for everything, including airplane rides. I even read comics on it in full HD color. It's also great that the Play Store offers Word and Excel for Android, since I do a bit of writing. Overall, I would suggest this tablet to anyone.

29
I love the tablet. Be aware the tablet does not come with the keyboard. I did not purchase the keyboard because I tend to like the touch screen so I didn't think I would get much use out of it. I am up there in age so I don't know how to use all the bells and whistles but I went on you tube to familiarize myself with the tablet features. I like that the memory can be upgraded. I do watch Netflix and listen to SiriusXM. The picture and sound is amazing. If I want to download anything the extra memory will definitely come in handy. There is no such thing as too much memory. I am always a little nervous about ordering electronics on line. I have the tablet for a month and I have had no problems. I received prompt delivery from the company I ordered it from.

30
Performs well, the stylus is amazing and it also has great palm rejection. The look is sleek and modern with all the glass and the screen is amazingly vibrant, thanks to AMOLED. I overall reccomend this for business, work, art, gaming. But if you just want a tablet to go through the internet for fun, then i suggest another tablet, since this tablet just has so much more potential than for viewing you instagram posts. The back camera is amazing quality and the Selfie Cam is ok. Overall an amazing product and reccomendable for almost anyone.

31
Love this tablet, has a lot of apps I enjoy and need on a daily basis. It has a built in device manager that helps take care your device that really makes upkeep easy and quick. The battery lasts all day even with constant use. It plays Netflix and YouTube smoothly with no issues on high quality settings. Games are never laggy and can be played with highest quality options. Great tablet; would 100% buy it again for family or friends.

32
Love this tablet. Bought two. Good size. Very light weight so adding a case is ok. Crisp graphics, fast speed, works well on Wi-Fi. Syncs easily to a blue tooth key board. Excellent version of android. Good battery life and charges reasonably fast. Recommend buying a samusung evo microsd card. I am running a 128gb one in each. Been using mine for almost 2 years with no issues. Some people might want a case to give more grippable space on the sides. The screen goes pretty close to the edge of the tablet. Love being on android instead of using an ipad. I am a power user and want more control than apple allows.

33
This is an amazing device
The screen. The weight. And the processor.

The device is fast. No hiccups what so ever.
I used to have an ipad, and I was afraid to buy it, since many reviews talked about the apps availability, but that is not true, none of the apps that I used to use aren't available, I'm a physician and there is alot of dependence on apps in our medical, and this device isn't short of it.

The price of right now, I belive it is the best device in the market right now, keep in mind it will fit in the lapcoat pocket or the scrubs leg pocket perfectly, it has almost the same foot print but slimmer and lighter

34
Very impressed! I upgraded this from a tab a, the previous version, and this is quite frankly next level. It is thinner than I thought it was, and the colors are spectacular. Just make sure you turn off auto Lighting in the settings. For some reason the native settings keep it pretty dark. I don't use it for any high-capacity gaming or anything, so I won't comment on that. But for regular surfing, Facebook, shopping, video, it exceeds expectations. My only complaint is battery life. It's better than my previous tablet but that isn't much to brag about.

35
This was my first tablet and I have been very happy with it. I'm still learning everything that it can do but it has not disappointed. It is responsive to touch, battery usage is good -- normally get a couple days of battery life with average use. Heavy game playing or other intensive opeartions will drain the battery quicker but message, office apps, and like apps to not seem to take a heavy toll on battery life. I like the 8" size as I did not want a large tablet but one that was more portable but still large enough for clear high definition if I wanted to work on photos or watch a movie. This has fit my needs well.