Okay first of all, the phone i received was not fully functional. The volume up did not work what so ever, and the phone was NOT unlocked. Secondly, this phone arrived with clear signs of use. To me, it seem'd like this phone was used, then just factory reset and a average wipe down with a microfiber cloth. Very disappointing. The seller I received my phone from was DealFisher. Now, im not saying this was his fault because I honestly do not know, Im not trying to bash anyone here, I understand things happen, and items get switched up but I'm just saying if you're interested in getting a iphone, I strongly reccomend getting a brand new sealed. You can find them for as low as 400 now. You get what you pay for tho, and I understand amazon is a respectable company who will have no problem refunding me for the defective device. But, I read a lot of bad and good reviews, its kind of a 50/50 it seems when buying refurbished. That's just my 2 cents, and overall review of the device i received. Hope I helped. 

I thought the phone was great until I started receiving phone calls. At first I thought it was the person on the line who's phone was messed up. After a few phone calls it was obvious the phone isn't working properly and all calls sound like the person is miles away, hard to hear them unless you put them on speaker phone. This was one of my fears of buying a "certified refurbished" product and unfortunately I was right. 

I upgraded to this Samsung S9 Model SM-G960U1 unlocked version from a Samsung S7. The phone works just fine and the transfer of all my stuff from the old phone to the new went pretty well. While the curved screen has a visual appeal I believe that a flat screen would be both more practical and easier to protect. In terms of it being a tool, I haven't discovered anything new that this phone can do that the S7 couldn't do. It comes with something called "Bixby" that I guess we're supposed to all just know what it is and what to do with it...guess I'm not interested in Bixby until I see some information that educates me on what it does and why I might need it... I do like Samsung phones and once you've grown accustomed to a company's android interface it makes sense to stay with what is familiar. If you have an S7 or S8 there is probably no reason to upgrade to the S9 version unless you have money burning a hole in your pocket. In my case, one of my son's needed a phone so he got my old S7 and I treated myself to a new phone. 
